This is the technical section overview lecture.
Welcome to the technical section of this course in this lecture.
We're just going to be giving you an overview of what to expect for the second half of this course.
The next section is called Introduction to Jupiter notebooks and covers the materials and installation
of Python.
We'll tell you how to access the notebooks that correspond to all the technical video lectures as well
as giving you an overview of how best to use the Jupiter notebook system for programming and learning
as far as the actual technical sections topics.
They are algorithm analysis and Big O notation array sequences stacks queue's index linked lists recursion
trees searching and sorting algorithms Grath algorithms and riddles or brainteaser type questions.
Each of those sections usually starts with a presentation on the theory of the topic.
Then we do some hands on implementations of those data structures or algorithms.
After that we'll do some interview practice problems presented to you and then walk through of the solutions
to those interview problems.
After all those topics are presented we'll have mock interview sections.
There are several mock interviews with questions designed to simulate an interview at a real tech company
.
The section outlines are reviewed along the way so don't worry about having to memorize everything we
just covered in this lecture.
Information getting technical help and disclosure on discussion questions are coming up next.
For the technical break section.
Best of luck on all the interview problems and let's go ahead and get started.
The technical section of this course.
Thanks everyone.